Daemon - variant spelling of demon.
Dahlia - type of plant.
Daily - each day.
Daisy - type of flower.
Dakota - a language, tribe or U.S. state.
Dale - a river valley.
Dallas - Texas city.
Dan - martial arts level.
Daphne - type of shrub.
Dawn - sunrise.
Dean - university leader.
Deb - debutante.
Delilah - seductive woman.
Denim - cotton fabric.
Derrick - crane type.
Desire - state of want.
Destiny - predetermined future.
Diamond - a mineral; a shape.
Dirk - a dagger type.
Don - professor; Mafia leader.
Donna - lady.
Drew - had drawn.
Duke - high-ranking nobleman.
Dusty - covered in dust.
Earl - a British peer.
Ebony - a valuable, dark wood.
Ember - a glowing, hot, remnant of fire.
Emmy - an award for television excellence.
Erica - a type of evergreen plant.
Erin - Ireland.
Eve - the first woman (Bible); evening; the night before.
Faith - religious belief; loyalty.
Fawn - a young deer.
Felicity - contentment or joy.
Flo - an arrow.
Flora - plant life; Roman goddess of flowers.
Florence - old city in Italy.
Florida - an American state.
Forest - large group of trees.
Frank - direct, honest; ancient Germanic people; another word for hot-dog.
Fuchsia - dark purple-red color; tropical plant with showy flower.
Gage - a measuring instrument.
Gem - a very valuable mineral.
Gene - a part of the DNA.
Genie - a magical spirit (Koran).
Ginger - a bright orange-brown color; a flavorful spice.
Goldie - a bird, the goldfinch.
Grace - elegance and beauty; a short prayer; the favor of God.
Grant - a right or privilege.
Gray - the mixture of black and white; a light gray or white colored horse.
Gypsy - a nomadic people.
Harmony - peaceful agreement.
Harper - harp player.
Harry - bother; make a raid on.
Hazel - a type of nut tree; a light brown color.
Heaven - a blissful place or state (especially religious).
Heavenly - being from or having the quality of Heaven.
Holiday - literally "Holy Day"; vacation.
Holly - a tree or shrub, bearing red berries, associated with Christmas.
Honesty - truthfulness.
Honey - a sweet product made by bees.
Honor - respect, hold high.
Hope - a Christian virtue; eagerly await an uncertainty.
Hudson - American historical figure and river.
Hunter - predator, usually referring to a human.
India - a country of southern Asia.
Indigo - a flowering plant; a deep blue dye extracted from the plant.
Ireland - a large island and nation in northwest Europe.
Iris - a flower; the colored portion of the eye.
Italia - a southern European country.
Ivory - precious material from tusks; a soft, whitish color.
Ivy - an ornate, climbing plant.
Jack - handyman or sailor; lifting device; playing card.
Jade - semiprecious gemstone; light green color.
Jake - alright; okay.
Jane - small coin; type of cloth.
Jasmine - a climbing shrub with fragrant flowers (used as incense).
Jasper - a gemstone from the quartz family.
Jean - a tough cotton fabric. 
Jenny - female donkey; female bird.
Jerry - German.
Jess - leg-leash for a hawk.
Jewel - a polished or shaped precious or semiprecious stone.
Jimmy - a short crowbar.
Joe - casual name for any male.
Joey - baby kangaroo.
John - toilet.
Jordan - a country in the Middle East.
Joy - a happy emotion.
June - a calendar month.
Junior - lower in rank or experience; younger.
Justice - legal or ethical fairness.
Kate- a type of finch.
Kay - the letter "k".
Ken - perception; range of vision.
Kent - region of Southeast England.
King - male leader of a monarchy.
Kirk - church (Scottish).
Kitten - baby cat.
Kitty - informal name for a cat; a pool of money formed by a group.
Lar - household spirit.
Lacey - consisting of much lace.
Lake - body of water.
Lance - spear with metal head.
Lavender - aromatic plant; its dried leaves.
Lew - lukewarm.
Lexus - brand of car.
Liberty - freedom.
Lily - type of flowering plant; its flower.
London - major city of Britain.
Love - emotional attraction.
Lucky - fortunate.
Luna - type of moth; Roman moon goddess.
Lyric - musical poem.
Madison - Fourth President of the U.S.
Mae - more (Scot.).
Magnolia - type of long-living, fragrant shrub or tree with showy flowers.
Manhattan - a borough of New York.
Maria - a Panamanian tree with valuable wood; dark area on the moon.
Mark - a grade in school; a blemish or signal; the target of a swindle.
Martin - a bird of the swallow family.
Max - the greatest extent or amount (abbr.)
May - a month; a term of permission.
Melody - a tune.
Memphis - city of ancient Egypt; city of Tennessee rich in country music.
Mercedes - a luxury performance car.
Mickey - a volume of alcohol; derogatory term for a person from Ireland.
Mike - microphone.
Miles - units of linear measurement.
Miller - someone who works in a mill.
Misty - covered with fog or haze.
Modesty - humility, lack of conceit.
Moses - Biblical Hebrew prophet.
Nancy - city in France.
Nat - not at.
Nick - a slight cut.
Noel - the Christmas season.
Norm - normal, typical.
Ocean - a large body of saltwater.
Oceana - an American city.
Olive - fruit or tree type.
Olympia - Greek site of the original Olympic Games.
Onyx - a banded mineral used in jewelry.
Opal - a prized, colorful mineral used in jewelry.
Orlando - a city in Florida.
Page - sheet of paper; assistant to a high official.
Paige - young helper (see "page").
Paisley - soft woolen fabric with an ornate pattern.
Paris - old city in France, famous for its style and culture.
Parker - one who parks cars; famous jazz musician; famous writer.
Parrish - one who lives near a church.
Parry - to ward off or evade, especially in fencing.
Patience - a virtue, tolerant of delay.
Patsy - one who is easy to fool.
Patty - chopped food pressed flat.
Peace - absence of hostility.
Peaches - soft, fuzzy, sweet, succulent fruit.
Pearl - a jewel found in certain mollusks; its color.
Penny - a small unit of currency.
Pepper - a popular hot spice; the fruit bearing the spice.
Perry - pear cider; American philosopher.
Peter - disciple of Jesus.
Petunia - a tropical herb with funneled flowers.
Pharaoh - ancient Egyptian king.
Phil - Greek prefix for "love".
Phoenix - mythical bird that dies and is reborn.
Piper - one who plays a pipe or bagpipes; a (usually) climbing tropical shrub.
Pixie - mischievous fairy; an evergreen shrub.
Poetry - artistic, metered verse.
Poppy - plant with showy flowers bearing opium.
Portland - largest city in both Maine and Oregon.
Precious - valuable.
Prince - son of a king or queen.
Princess - daughter of a queen or king.
Prudence - self discretion.
Pryce - a Pokémon character.
Rain - drops of water from the sky.
Ralph - vomit (slang).
Randy - lustful; brash (Scot.).
Raven - large black bird.
Ray - beam of light; underwater creature.
Red - a primary color, associated with fun, energy, anger, passion and embarrassment.
Rhythm - recurrence at regular intervals, usually as sound. 
Rich - having great wealth.
Rip - cause to tear.
River - moving body of water.
Rob - steal from.
Rock - stone; a style of music.
Rocky - stony.
Rod - a measure of length; part of the retina; long, straight, solid unit.
Roman - from the city of Rome; belonging to the Roman Empire.
Rose - a showy, (usually) red flower, a symbol of friendship or love.
Rosemary - an herb.
Roy - king, royal (obs.).
Ruby - a precious red gem.
Russel - ribbed wool and cotton.
Rusty - covered with iron that has been oxidized.
Ruth - Old Testament book; famous baseball player (Babe...).
Saffron - flower used for coloring and flavoring food; yellow-orange color.
Sage - an herb; a profoundly wise person; a gray-green color.
Sailor - seafarer.
Sally - trail blaze.
Sandy - covered in sand; a yellow-brown color.
Sam - a type of guided missile.
Sapphire - a precious blue gem.
Savannah - a tropical or subtropical grassy plain.
Scarlet - a vibrant, deep red; a type of cloth.
Scarlett - a character from "Gone With The Wind".
Scooter - a two-wheeled vehicle; a type of diving duck; a sailing vessel.
Scot - person from Scotland.
Scout - pathfinder; event or talent spotter.
Serenity - peacefulness.
Sherry - a type of wine originally from Spain. 
Sicily - a major island of Italy.
Sidney - famous English poet.
Sierra - a mountain range with jagged peaks; a type of mackerel.
Sissy - a weak or timid person (slang); sister (informal).
Skip - repeatedly deflect; omit; a style of pedestrian movement.
Sky - the air above; the heavens.
Skye - a large island of Scotland.
Slate - a flat, dark rock used for chalkboards and pool tables.
Snow - crystalline water that falls from the sky.
Sonny - child (slang).
Spring - the annual season of birth and regrowth; a metal or plastic coil.
Star - a sun; a celebrity; a five-pointed figure.
Stella - an experimental coin from the 1800's (Latin for "star").
Sterling - British money; a silver-copper alloy.
Stone - rock; punish by hitting with rocks; a unit of weight.
Storm - violent weather system.
Stormy - being violent or erratic like a storm.
Sue - litigate (against), take to court.
Sugar - a sweet substance.
summer - a warm annual season of growth.
sunny - well lit by the sun, bright.
Sunshine - the light of the sun.
Sybil - prophetess.
Tawny - having a light brown color.
Taylor - a former president of the USA.
Teal - type of river duck; a slightly bluish green color.
Ted - a stylish punk of the 1950's and 60's; to spread for drying.
Tiff - a minor emotional dispute.
Tiger - a powerful, striped, hunting feline.
Timothy - type of grass; a disciple of Saint Paul.
Tod - a unit of weight for wool; fox (Scot.).
Tony - high-styled, fashionable.
Tom - a male animal.
Tommy - a light machine gun.
Topaz - a precious jewel.
Treasure - a highly valuable collection of items.
Trinity - in Christianity: the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Trinket - valued but otherwise worthless personal item.
Truly - honestly.
Tuck - fold a material under itself to tighten.
Tucker - tire, exhaust.
Tuesday - the second day of the week. 
Umber - medium to dark brown.
Unique - one of a kind.
Unity - togetherness. 
Venice - a beautiful city of Italy.
Venus - a planet; a goddess of love.
Victor - winner.
Violet - a type of flower; a color between red and blue.
Warren - a group of rabbits; their dwelling.
Will - intent.
Willow - a type of tree or shrub; machine for processing raw fiber.
Winter - the cold season, though by some to be the beginning of the new year.
Wolf - a predatory canine.
Zinnia - a flowering plant.